in 1940s shanghai paddy crooks sing and
bone aspire to join the notorious axe
gang
which rules the town with an iron fist
under the leadership of the cold-blooded
brother some
the two visit pigsty alley a run-down
slum where they claim to be axeman and
attempt to extort the residence before
being chased off by the slums landlady
in an attempt to bluff them singh throws
a firecracker
which blows up the hat of a minor axe
gang boss passing by
singh blames the residents for throwing
the firecracker and the boss attacks a
barber
only to be struck by an unseen assailant
the gang then calls for reinforcements
while three of the tenants coulee taylor
and donut reveal themselves to be kung
fu masters and triumph over the gang
members
fearing the axe gang's retaliation the
landlady quickly evicts the trio
infuriated by the loss of his men
brother some capture sing and bone
intending to kill them for posing as
gang members
singh narrowly frees themselves with his
lock-picking skills
impressing brother sum who allows them
to join the gang on the condition that
they kill someone
lamenting his failure singh relives his
childhood to bone
he was duped into believing he was a
natural-born kung fu genius by a vagrant
selling a martial arts pamphlet
and as a result he gave the vagrant his
meager savings to purchase the pamphlet
singh practiced the buddhist palm
technique and attempted to save fung
a mute girl from bullies only to be
beaten himself and humiliated when the
bullies point out the pamphlet costs a
mere 20 cents
singh then became adamant the good guys
never win and resolved to be a villain
the two returned to pigsty alley to kill
the landlady
though their plan backfires and they
barely escape
seeking safety in a traffic pulpit singh
is surprised as his body rapidly heals
from the injuries sustained during the
escape
the pain causes him to strike the sides
of the pulpit with extreme force
covering the surface with hand-shaped
impressions
brother sum hires the harpist's two
assassins who use a magical gohan to
kill the pigsty alley masters
they arrive at the alley undetected at
night and overwhelm the three masters
who were in the process of leaving the
landlady and her husband
the landlord intervene and reveal
themselves to be kung fu masters as well
they defeat the harpists and send a
stern warning to brother some before
evacuating pigsty
frustrated with his increasing failures
singh attempts to rob an ice cream
vendor but discovers that she is
actually fong
she offers him a lollipop as she did in
the past but he swats it away
ashamed of how far he has fallen after
shooing bone away
singh is brought to brother some the
gang leader offers sing instant
membership
into the gang if he can free the
legendary assassin beast from an asylum
singh is successful and the beast is
brought to the gang's headquarters
brother sum is initially skeptical of
the beast whose flippant attitude and
sloppy appearance annoys him
however the beast quickly reveals
himself to be a lethal and skilled
fighter
and he destroys half of the casino next
door to confront the landlady and
landlord
who are waiting to settle the score with
the gang the three engage in a vicious
battle that ends in a stalemate when the
three are immobilized through an
inter-joint lock
singh pressured by brother sum to attack
the landlord and landlady to help the
beast
has a change of heart and attacks the
beast instead
infuriated the beast pummels singh who
is narrowly rescued by the landlord and
landlady and the three escape
the beast casually kills brother some
for berating him
and assumes control of the axe gang back
at pigsty alley the landlord
and landlady treat singh's wounds and
are surprised when he recovers at top
speed
a metamorphosed sing treats the two's
wounds and takes them into a quiet room
to rest before meeting the axe gang
outside
who are waiting for them the landlady
deduces that singh is a natural-born
kung fu genius when he effortlessly
dispatches the gang members before
confronting the beast
the beast initially gains the upper hand
and sends singh flying high into the sky
singh comes into inner peace by
envisioning buddha in the clouds before
arriving back down to incapacitate the
beast
although defeated the beast
treacherously attempts to stab singh
with a poisoned weapon
singh stops the beast's attack and
converts the weapon into a flower
which he sends floating through the air
to fong awestruck by singh's action
which was completely beyond his
understanding
the beast tearfully bows down to sing
and begs to become his disciple
sing and bone open a candy store with
fong's lollipop as their logo
when singh sees fang outside he happily
invites her in to relieve their
childhood memories
the same vagrant who sold sing the
pamphlet entices another child just
outside the store
only this time he is selling multiple
pamphlets teaching different styles
you